Gallaher's bucks yes we make three
different types of box tea boiled baked
and pan the most important thing with
the box to use the potato got it use a
flowery potato if you can get one I'm
using roosters today Mars pipers are
very good first thing you do is get your
grated raw potato you're gonna have 200
great 200 grams of grated raw potato 200
grams of cooked mash about 240 grams of
flour again the flour will depend on the
type of data you using at the time of
year into a cloth nice clean cloth
purposes this is to extract as much
moisture out of the potato as you can
this is quite important for the potato
to bind it and it's also getting some of
the starch out of it you'll see it just
pour straight out of it and get it as
dry as possible very important for the
mix we're gonna let that settle on the
bottom of that you'll find the starch
this can go into our mix here in with a
cooked mashed potato in with some flour
because I'm gonna make a batter out of
this to make pancakes but this is the
basic mix for your boiled baked and pan
the difference is how you finish it out
- it's put a bit of salt in there
another look a little bit of a little
bit of white pepper give it a bit of
flavor next we add the milk we got to
make a batter out of this so don't add
it all in at once I just go about half
you can stir that around get the
consistency you want the less milk you
put in the ticker of a pancake you're
gonna make is it gonna make a nice
batter like any batter you just gotta
let it sit for a little while sit for
about 20 minutes and come back and kick
get your pan going and you're ready to
cook the excess liquid that you've
squeezed from the raw potato has got all
the starch which you know after about 20
minutes centers at the bottom you can
pour off the liquid and leach from some
places that would have used the liquid
but there you got the starch at the
bottom so the starch add it back into
the mix maybe your batter littell help
find it a little bit mix it right in
there and this you got to leave like any
batter for about 20 minutes to settle
you get
perfect pancakes right the batter is
ready now in the pan I've got a little
bit of butter and olive oil for this
we're going to put a ladle full of our
mix right in the center like so spoon it
around I'll let that cook nice and
gently so you let it cook gently on one
side it's going to take about three
minutes either side to cook but you get
it moving and once it's cooked out and
dried on this side you can flip it nice
golden color that's what you're looking
for in the box-t the box he's finished
now we just played it up and to say box
D on the griddle box D on the pan if you
can't make box - you'll never get a man